README.md, before:

Team Mocha: Pantry Planner README
Pantry Planner is a desktop application that gives the user real-time access to the food available to them in their pantry.  As well as possible recipes for the food available.  Recipes are scraped in from the internet and stored in databases included with the application.




***PANTRY UPDATES***
UPDATE - 08NOV2017 Pantry code integrated and now in Pantry Planner on the development branch.

***RECIPE UPDATES***
UPDATE - 08NOV2017 Recipe database built out and ready for intergration.  Web scrapper and parsing program is now in the development branch.

***GUI UPDATES***
UPDATE - 19NOV2017 I added the frames for Recipe: Remove and Search.

UPDATE - 08NOV2017 I added action listeners to all buttons for integration. I have also added a package pantryPlanner.databases this is where databases will go for the app.

UPDATE - 04NOV2017 I completely restructured the code for the GUI. I have now added three classes to the src under pantryPlanner they are as follows: common: this is where code that is not GUI related goes. views: this is where the GUI is located. resources: this is where you put .png for logos or other resources to keep all data enclosed in the app. This should make the integration of the recipe and pantry databases easier.




***TODO Section***
***TODO: Need to link both the recipe/pantry menu buttons to desired actions with the databases





***Icon Creator Credit***
recipe(16, 32, 128): Icon made by David Lanham Freeware non-commercial from www.findicons.com recipeBook128: Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com coveredFoodTray(16, 32, 128): Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com pantry128: Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com

Commit message:

added the "Add Recipe" frame
I added the "Add Recipe" frame.  I also updated the README.

README.md, after:

Team Mocha: Pantry Planner README
Pantry Planner is a desktop application that gives the user real-time access to the food available to them in their pantry.  As well as possible recipes for the food available.  Recipes are scraped in from the internet and stored in databases included with the application.




***PANTRY UPDATES***
UPDATE - 08NOV2017 Pantry code integrated and now in Pantry Planner on the development branch.

***RECIPE UPDATES***
UPDATE - 08NOV2017 Recipe database built out and ready for intergration.  Web scrapper and parsing program is now in the development branch.

***GUI UPDATES***
UPDATE - 19NOV2017 I added the frames for Recipe: Add, Remove and Search.  I will add in the action listeners when I link up each frame and button/s.

UPDATE - 08NOV2017 I added action listeners to all buttons for integration. I have also added a package pantryPlanner.databases this is where databases will go for the app.

UPDATE - 04NOV2017 I completely restructured the code for the GUI. I have now added three classes to the src under pantryPlanner they are as follows: common: this is where code that is not GUI related goes. views: this is where the GUI is located. resources: this is where you put .png for logos or other resources to keep all data enclosed in the app. This should make the integration of the recipe and pantry databases easier.




***TODO Section***
***TODO: Need to link both the recipe/pantry menu buttons to desired actions with the databases





***Icon Creator Credit***
recipe(16, 32, 128): Icon made by David Lanham Freeware non-commercial from www.findicons.com recipeBook128: Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com coveredFoodTray(16, 32, 128): Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com pantry128: Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
